now Moses with the elders of Israel
now Moses with the elders of Israel commanded the people keep all the
commanded the people keep all the
commanded the people keep all the commandments which I command you today
commandments which I command you today
commandments which I command you today and it shall be on the day when you
and it shall be on the day when you
and it shall be on the day when you cross over the Jordan to the land which
cross over the Jordan to the land which
cross over the Jordan to the land which the Lord your God is giving you that you
the Lord your God is giving you that you
the Lord your God is giving you that you shall set up for yourselves large stones
shall set up for yourselves large stones
shall set up for yourselves large stones and whitewash them with lime you shall
and whitewash them with lime you shall
and whitewash them with lime you shall write on them all the words of this law
write on them all the words of this law
write on them all the words of this law when you have crossed over that you may
when you have crossed over that you may
when you have crossed over that you may enter the land which the Lord your God
enter the land which the Lord your God
enter the land which the Lord your God is giving you a land flowing with milk
is giving you a land flowing with milk
is giving you a land flowing with milk and honey just as the Lord God of your
and honey just as the Lord God of your
and honey just as the Lord God of your father's promised you therefore a child
father's promised you therefore a child
father's promised you therefore a child be when you have crossed over the Jordan
be when you have crossed over the Jordan
be when you have crossed over the Jordan that on Mount Ebal you shall set up
that on Mount Ebal you shall set up
that on Mount Ebal you shall set up these stones which I command you today
these stones which I command you today
these stones which I command you today and you shall whitewash them with lime
and you shall whitewash them with lime
and you shall whitewash them with lime and there you shall build an altar to
and there you shall build an altar to
and there you shall build an altar to the Lord your God an altar of stones you
the Lord your God an altar of stones you
the Lord your God an altar of stones you shall not use an iron tool on them you
shall not use an iron tool on them you
shall not use an iron tool on them you shall build with
shall build with
shall build with old stones the altar of the Lord your
old stones the altar of the Lord your
old stones the altar of the Lord your God and offer burnt offerings on it to
God and offer burnt offerings on it to
God and offer burnt offerings on it to the Lord your God you shall offer peace
the Lord your God you shall offer peace
the Lord your God you shall offer peace offerings and shall eat there and
offerings and shall eat there and
offerings and shall eat there and rejoice before the Lord your God and you
rejoice before the Lord your God and you
rejoice before the Lord your God and you shall write very plainly on the stones
shall write very plainly on the stones
shall write very plainly on the stones all the words of this law then Moses and
all the words of this law then Moses and
all the words of this law then Moses and the priests the Levites spoke to all
the priests the Levites spoke to all
the priests the Levites spoke to all Israel take heed and listen o Israel
Israel take heed and listen o Israel
Israel take heed and listen o Israel this day you have become the people of
this day you have become the people of
this day you have become the people of the Lord your God therefore you shall
the Lord your God therefore you shall
the Lord your God therefore you shall obey the voice of the Lord your God and
obey the voice of the Lord your God and
obey the voice of the Lord your God and observe his Commandments and his
observe his Commandments and his
observe his Commandments and his statutes which I command you today
statutes which I command you today
statutes which I command you today and Moses commanded the people on the
and Moses commanded the people on the
and Moses commanded the people on the same day saying these shall stand on
same day saying these shall stand on
same day saying these shall stand on Mount Gerizim to bless the people when
Mount Gerizim to bless the people when
Mount Gerizim to bless the people when you have crossed over the Jordan Simeon
you have crossed over the Jordan Simeon
you have crossed over the Jordan Simeon Levi Judah Issachar Joseph and Benjamin
Levi Judah Issachar Joseph and Benjamin
Levi Judah Issachar Joseph and Benjamin and these shall stand on Mount Ebal to
and these shall stand on Mount Ebal to
and these shall stand on Mount Ebal to curse Reuben GAD Asher Zebulun Dan and
curse Reuben GAD Asher Zebulun Dan and
curse Reuben GAD Asher Zebulun Dan and Naphtali
Naphtali
Naphtali and the Levites shall speak with a loud
and the Levites shall speak with a loud
and the Levites shall speak with a loud voice and say to all the men of Israel
voice and say to all the men of Israel
voice and say to all the men of Israel Carthage is the one who makes a carved
Carthage is the one who makes a carved
Carthage is the one who makes a carved or molded image an abomination to the
or molded image an abomination to the
or molded image an abomination to the Lord the work of the hands of the
Lord the work of the hands of the
Lord the work of the hands of the craftsmen and sets it up in secret and
craftsmen and sets it up in secret and
craftsmen and sets it up in secret and all the people shall answer and say amen
all the people shall answer and say amen
all the people shall answer and say amen curse it is the one who treats his
curse it is the one who treats his
curse it is the one who treats his father or his mother with contempt and
father or his mother with contempt and
father or his mother with contempt and all the people shall say Amen her seed
all the people shall say Amen her seed
all the people shall say Amen her seed is the one who moves his neighbor's
is the one who moves his neighbor's
is the one who moves his neighbor's landmark and all the people shall say
landmark and all the people shall say
landmark and all the people shall say Amen
Amen
Amen [Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause] perced is the one who makes the blind
perced is the one who makes the blind
perced is the one who makes the blind wander off the road and all the people
wander off the road and all the people
wander off the road and all the people shall say Amen curse it is the one who
shall say Amen curse it is the one who
shall say Amen curse it is the one who perverts the justice do the stranger the
perverts the justice do the stranger the
perverts the justice do the stranger the fatherless and widow and all the people
fatherless and widow and all the people
fatherless and widow and all the people shall say Amen
curse it is the one who lies with his
curse it is the one who lies with his father's wife because he has uncovered
father's wife because he has uncovered
father's wife because he has uncovered his father's bed and all the people
his father's bed and all the people
his father's bed and all the people shall say Amen curse it is the one who
shall say Amen curse it is the one who
shall say Amen curse it is the one who lies with any kind of animal and all the
lies with any kind of animal and all the
lies with any kind of animal and all the people shall say Amen curse it is the
people shall say Amen curse it is the
people shall say Amen curse it is the one who lies with his sister the
one who lies with his sister the
one who lies with his sister the daughter of his father or the daughter
daughter of his father or the daughter
daughter of his father or the daughter of his mother and all the people shall
of his mother and all the people shall
of his mother and all the people shall say Amen
curr said is the one who lies with his
curr said is the one who lies with his mother-in-law and all the people shall
mother-in-law and all the people shall
mother-in-law and all the people shall say Amen curse it is the one who attacks
say Amen curse it is the one who attacks
say Amen curse it is the one who attacks his neighbor secretly and all the people
his neighbor secretly and all the people
his neighbor secretly and all the people shall say I'm in curse hid is the one
shall say I'm in curse hid is the one
shall say I'm in curse hid is the one who takes a bribe to slay an innocent
who takes a bribe to slay an innocent
who takes a bribe to slay an innocent person and all the people shall say Amen
curse it is the one who does not confirm
curse it is the one who does not confirm all the words of this law by observing
all the words of this law by observing
all the words of this law by observing them and all the people shall say Amen